$ ./rdir
$ ./filepuke uiop 3
writing to de entry [yuio]
$ ./fsck
second: 28, first: 26
compare ret value -1
orphaned inodes detected: cleaning
check 1
check 2 (size 26 28)
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
selecting inode to repair
relinking 28 inodes
[stage 1] writing .
[stage 1] writing ..
[stage 2] writing .
[stage 2] writing ..
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
[stage 2] writing
Starting link check
pid 5 fsck: trap 14 err 4 on cpu 1 eip 0x145 addr 0x658de499--kill proc
